ACC-2745: Add infrastructure for loading files from multiple locations (#274)
xenit-eu/contentgrid-appserver: README.md

The project is organized into modules:

- **contentgrid-appserver-actuators**: Custom Contentgrid actuators (e.g. webhooks and policy definitions).
- **contentgrid-appserver-app**: Minimal spring boot application with configuration for an example application in testFixtures.
- **contentgrid-appserver-application-model**: Core domain model for applications including:
  - Entities and attributes
  - Relationships (One-to-One, One-to-Many, Many-to-One, Many-to-Many)
  - Constraints (Required, Unique, Allowed Values)
  - Search filters (Exact, Prefix)
- **contentgrid-appserver-application-model-json**: Serialization and deserialization of Applications.
- **contentgrid-appserver-autoconfigure**: Autoconfiguration for appserver applications.

> - **contentgrid-appserver-blueprintartifact-impl-fs**: Implementation of domain SPI, for loading files from filesystem directory, classpath or zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **contentgrid-appserver-blueprintartifact-impl-fs**: Implementation of domain SPI, for loading blueprint artifacts from filesystem directory, classpath or zip file.
```

Author: Actually you load files or blueprint artifact items from a blueprint artifact. This might look like you load multiple blueprint artifact where each is a file.

- **contentgrid-appserver-contentstore-api**: Defines interfaces and data structures to query object storage.
- **contentgrid-appserver-contentstore-impl-fs**: Implementation of contentstore API, using filesystem storage.
- **contentgrid-appserver-contentstore-impl-s3**: Implementation of contentstore API, using S3-compatible storage.
- **contentgrid-appserver-contentstore-impl-encryption**: Encryption wrapper around any contentstore implementation
- **contentgrid-appserver-contentstore-impl-utils**: Content utils for dealing with input and output streams.
- **contentgrid-appserver-domain**: Core domain layer defining apis and implementations to deal with entities, relations and content.

> - **contentgrid-appserver-domain-spi**: Defines interfaces and datastructures that the domain layer can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **contentgrid-appserver-domain-spi**: Defines interfaces and datastructures that are used by the domain layer to access its dependencies.
```

|---|---|---|---|
| `contentgrid.appserver.infrastructure.location` | Location of the artifact directory that contains the application files. Accepts `classpath:`, `file:` and `zip:` URIs. | `classpath:.` | No |

### Content store

The content store type is selected with `contentgrid.appserver.content-store.type`.

| Value | Description |
|---|---|
| `ephemeral` | Stores files in a temporary directory. Data is lost on restart. Useful for development. |
| `fs` | Stores files on the local filesystem at a configurable path. |
| `s3` | Stores files in an S3-compatible object store (e.g. MinIO or AWS S3). |

#### Filesystem (`type=fs`)

| Property | Description | Default | Required |
|---|---|---|---|
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.fs.path` | Directory path where content files are stored. | — | Yes |

#### S3 (`type=s3`)

| Property | Description | Default | Required |
|---|---|---|---|
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.url` | S3 endpoint URL (e.g. `https://s3.amazonaws.com` or a MinIO URL). | — | Yes |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.bucket` | Name of the S3 bucket to use. | — | Yes |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.access-key` | S3 access key ID. | — | No |

> | `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.secret-key` | S3 secret access key. | — | No |

Reviewer: Not required?

Then how would you access a bucket?

Author: They are not provided in the tests. But for production, you indeed need to provide them for accessing the bucket. Actually it will not fail at application startup, but the first time the bucket is accessed.

| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.region` | AWS region identifier (e.g. `eu-west-1`). | — | No |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.connection-pool-size` | Maximum number of idle HTTP connections to keep in the pool. | `0` | No |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.s3.connection-pool-keep-alive-seconds` | How long idle connections are kept alive (in seconds). | `1` | No |

### Content encryption

When enabled, content is transparently encrypted before being written to the content store.

| Property | Description | Default | Required |
|---|---|---|---|
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.enabled` | Enables transparent content encryption. | `false` | No |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.bootstrap-tables` | Controls DEK table lifecycle on startup. `NONE` does nothing, `CREATE` creates the table, `CREATE_DROP` creates on start and drops on stop. | `NONE` | No |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.wrapper.algorithms` | Key wrapping algorithm(s) to use. Supported value: `NONE` (unencrypted symmetric key). | `NONE` | No |

> | `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.engine.algorithms` | Content encryption algorithm(s) to use. Supported values: `AES128_CTR`, `AES192_CTR`, `AES256_CTR`, `ALFRESCO`. | `AES128_CTR` | No |

Reviewer: These are lists.

```suggestion
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.wrapper.algorithms` | List of key wrapping algorithms to use. Supported value: `NONE` (unencrypted symmetric key). | `NONE` | No |
| `contentgrid.appserver.content.encryption.engine.algorithms` | List of Content encryption algorithms to use. Supported values: `AES128_CTR`, `AES192_CTR`, `AES256_CTR`, `ALFRESCO`. | `AES128_CTR` | No |
```
